remove dag deploy enabled (#2476)
astronomer/docs: astro/ci-cd-templates/github-actions.md

## DAG-based templates

> The following templates show how to configure DAG-based deploys in GitHub Actions. The [Deploy action](https://github.com/astronomer/deploy-action) will automatically implement DAG-based deploy workflow if DAG deploy is enabled for your Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following templates show how to configure DAG-based deploys in GitHub Actions. The [Deploy action](https://github.com/astronomer/deploy-action) will automatically implement DAG-based deploy workflow if [DAG-only deploys](deploy-code.md#deploy-dags-only) are enabled for your Deployment.
```

> The following templates show how to configure DAG-based deploys in GitHub Actions. The [Deploy action](https://github.com/astronomer/deploy-action) will automatically implement DAG-based deploy workflow if [DAG-only deploys](deploy-code.md#deploy-dags-only) are enabled for your Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following templates show how to configure DAG-based deploys in GitHub Actions. The [Deploy action](https://github.com/astronomer/deploy-action) will automatically implement DAG-based deploy workflows if [DAG-only deploys](deploy-code.md#deploy-dags-only) are enabled for your Deployment.
```
